Bulbasaur,Grass & Poison.,There is a plant seed on its back right from the day this POKéMON is born. The seed slowly grows larger.
Ivysaur,Grass & Poison.,There is a plant bulb on its back. When it absorbs nutrients the bulb is said to blossom into a large flower.
Venusaur,Grass & Poison.,A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle.
Charmander,Fire.,From the time it is born a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out.
Charmeleon,Fire.,It lashes about with its tail to knock down its foe. It then tears up the fallen opponent with sharp claws.
Charizard,Fire & Flying.,If it becomes furious the flame at the tip of its tail flares up in a whitish-blue color.
Squirtle,Water.,After birth. its back swells and hardens into a shell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth.
Wartortle,Water.,Its tail is large and covered with a rich. thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as Wartortle ages.
Blastoise,Water.,Once it takes aim at its enemy. it blasts out water with even more force than a fire hose.
Caterpie,Bug.,Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
Metapod,Bug.,This is its pre-evolution form. Its hard shell doesn't crack a bit even if Pikipek pecks at it; but it will tip over; spilling out its insides.
Butterfree,Bug & Flying.,In battle. it flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.
Weedle,Bug & Poison.,This is its pre-evolution form. It sticks to tree branches and eats leaves. The thread it spits from its mouth; which becomes gooey when it touches air; slows the movement of its foes.
Kakuna,Bug & Poison.,This is its pre-evolution form. When it is resolutely preparing for evolution. the thread from its mouth hardens to form a sturdy cocoon.
Beedrill,Bug & Poison.,It flies at high speed and attacks using its large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
Pidgey,Normal & Flying.,It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed. however; it can ferociously strike back.
Pidgeotto,Normal & Flying.,Very protective of its sprawling territorial area. this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder.
Pidgeot,Normal & Flying.,When hunting. it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey.
Rattata,Normal.,It eats anything. Wherever food is available. it will settle down and produce offspring continuously.
Raticate,Normal.,It uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
Spearow,Normal & Flying.,Its loud cry can be heard over half a mile away. If its high. keening cry is heard echoing all around; it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger.
Fearow,Normal & Flying.,Its huge and magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the air. It can remain flying a whole day without landing.
Ekans,Poison.,The older it gets; the longer it grows. At night it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest.
Arbok,Poison.,This is its pre-evolution form. After evolution its skin becomes yellow and it slithers on the ground for some time before finally returning to its tree-dwelling ways.
Pikachu,Electric.,It has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened; it looses electric charges from the sacs.
Raichu,Electric.,Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high voltage power.
Sandshrew,Ground.,It is skilled at slashing enemies with its claws. If broken; they start to grow back in a day.
Sandslash,Ground.,If it digs at an incredible pace it may snap off its spikes and claws. They grow back in a day.
Nidoran♀,Poison.,The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting.
Nidorina,Poison.,It has a docile nature. If it is threatened with attack; it raises the barbs that are all over its body.
Nidoqueen,Poison & Ground.,Its hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
Nidoran♂,Poison.,Its large ears are always kept upright. If it senses danger; it will attack with a poisonous sting.
Nidorino,Poison.,It stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns; the more powerful its secreted venom.
Nidoking,Poison & Ground.,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
Clefairy,Normal.,It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of Clefairy dancing under a full moon.
Clefable,Normal.,It moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings.
Vulpix,Fire.,When it is born; it has just one snow-white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.
Ninetales,Fire.,It is vindictive and relentless by nature. Those who cross it even once will be cursed for a thousand years. along with their descendants.
Jigglypuff,Normal & Fairy.,When its huge eyes light up. it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep.
Wigglytuff,Normal & Fairy.,The body is soft and rubbery. When angered. it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size.
Zubat,Poison & Flying.,It has no eyeballs. so it can't see. It checks its surroundings via the ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth.
Golbat,Poison & Flying.,Once it starts sucking blood; it does not stop until it is full. If it has not eaten; it will attack in a rage.
Oddish,Grass & Poison.,During the day. it keeps its face buried in the ground. At night; it wanders around sowing its seeds.
Gloom,Grass & Poison.,It releases a horribly smelling gas from its petals. It cloaks itself in the gas when under attack.
Vileplume,Grass & Poison.,The larger its petals; the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up.
Paras,Bug & Grass.,Even tiny parasites that attach themselves to the feet of POKéMON can cause big trouble. Springing into action; it drives them away with its sharp claws.
Parasect,Bug & Grass.,The bug is mostly dead; with the mushroom on its back having become the main body. If the mushroom comes off. the bug stops moving.
Venonat,Bug & Poison.,Its large eyes act as radar. In a bright place. you can see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes.
Venomoth,Bug & Poison.,The powdery scales on its wings are hard to remove. They also contain poison that leaks out on contact.
Diglett,Ground.,Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears above ground.
Dugtrio,Ground.,A team of triplets that can burrow over 60 MPH. Due to this; some people think it's an earthquake.
Meowth,Normal.,Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
Persian,Normal.,Its lithe muscles allow it to walk without making a sound. It attacks in an instant.
Psyduck,Water.,It is constantly wracked by a headache. When the headache turns intense; it begins using mysterious powers.
Golduck,Water.,Often seen swimming elegantly by lake shores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster Kappa.
Mankey,Fighting.,An agile POKéMON that lives in trees. It angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.
Primeape,Fighting.,Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it is caught.
Growlithe,Fire.,Very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.
Arcanine,Fire.,Legendary for its speed. Its powerful legs let it run at speeds over 40 MPH.
Poliwag,Water.,Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. It appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand.
Poliwhirl,Water.,Capable of living in or out of water. When out of water; it sweats to keep its body slimy.
Poliwrath,Water & Fighting.,An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
Abra,Psychic.,Using its ability to read minds. it will identify impending danger and TELEPORT to safety.
Kadabra,Psychic.,It possesses strong spiritual power. The more danger it faces; the stronger its psychic power.
Alakazam,Psychic.,It has an IQ of 5000. It calculates many things in order to gain the edge in every battle.
Machop,Fighting.,Loves to build its muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger.
Machoke,Fighting.,Its muscular body is so powerful. it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions.
Machamp,Fighting.,It can launch 1000 punches in two seconds. Its punches are so powerful; they can cause tidal waves.
Bellsprout,Grass & Poison.,The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn't drool. It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
Weepinbell,Grass & Poison.,When hungry. it swallows anything that moves. Its hapless prey is melted inside by strong acids.
Victreebel,Grass & Poison.,Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles; although no one has ever returned from there.
Tentacool,Water & Poison.,Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by its stinging acid.
Tentacruel,Water & Poison.,Its 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.
Geodude,Rock & Ground.,Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders; people often step or trip on them.
Graveler,Rock & Ground.,With a free and uncaring nature. it doesn't mind if pieces break off while it rolls down mountains.
Golem,Rock & Ground.,Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.
Ponyta,Fire.,It is a weak runner immediately after birth. It gradually becomes faster by chasing after its parents.
Rapidash,Fire.,It gallops at nearly 150 MPH. With its mane blazing ferociously; it races as if it were an arrow.
Slowpoke,Water & Psychic.,Incredibly slow and sluggish. It is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time.
Slowbro,Water & Psychic.,The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE's tail is said to feed on the host's left-over scraps.
Magnemite,Electric & Steel.,It is attracted by electromagnetic waves. It may approach trainers if they are using their POKéGEAR.
Magneton,Electric & Steel.,The MAGNEMITE are united by a magnetism so powerful. it dries all moisture in its vicinities.
Farfetch'd,Normal & Flying.,If anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant sticks grow. it uses its own stick to thwart them.
Doduo,Normal & Flying.,A bird that makes up for its poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
Dodrio,Normal & Flying.,An enemy that takes its eyes off any of the three heads--even for a second--will get pecked severely.
Seel,Water.,The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick ice.
Dewgong,Water & Ice.,Its body is covered in a pure white fur. The colder the weather. the more active it becomes.
Grimer,Poison.,Wherever GRIMER has passed, so many germs are left behind that no plants will ever grow again.
Muk,Poison.,Thickly covered with a filthy. vile sludge. It is so toxic. even its footprints contain poison.
Shellder,Water.,Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
Cloyster,Water & Ice.,For protection. it uses its harder-than-diamonds shell. It also shoots spikes from the shell.
Gastly,Ghost & Poison.,Said to appear in decrepi.; deserted buildings. It has no real shape as it appears to be made of a gas.
Haunter,Ghost & Poison.,By licking. it saps the victim's life. It causes shaking that won't stop until the victim's demise.
Gengar,Ghost & Poison.,Under a full moon. this POKéMON likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright.
Onix,Rock & Ground.,Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels it leaves are used as homes by DIGLETTs.
Drowzee,Psychic.,Puts enemies to sleep. then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
Hypno,Psychic.,When it locks eyes with an enemy. it will use a mix of PSI moves such as HYPNOSIS and CONFUSION.
Krabby,Water.,Its pincers are superb weapons. They sometimes break off during battle; but they grow back fast.
Kingler,Water.,It can hardly lift its massive. overgrown pincer. The pincer's size makes it difficult to aim properly.
Voltorb,Electric.,It is said to camouflage itself as a Poké Ball. It will self-destruct with very little stimulus.
Electrode,Electric.,Stores electrical energy inside its body. Even the slightest shock could trigger a huge explosion.
Exeggcute,Grass & Psychic.,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
Exeggutor,Grass & Psychic.,Each of its heads has its own will. They use telepathy to discuss their plans before coming to a joint decision.
Cubone,Ground.,Because it never removes its skull helmet. no one has ever seen this POKéMON's real face.
Marowak,Ground.,Small and weak. this POKéMON is adept with its bone club. It has grown more vicious over the ages.
Hitmonlee,Fighting.,When kicking. the sole of its foot turns as hard as a diamond on impact and destroys its enemy.
Hitmonchan,Fighting.,While apparently doing nothing. it fires punches in lightning fast volleys that are impossible to see.
Lickitung,Normal.,It has a tongue that is over 6'6" long. It uses this long tongue to lick its body clean.
Koffing,Poison.,Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body. it is prone to exploding without warning.
Weezing,Poison.,It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare. triplets have been found.
Rhyhorn,Ground & Rock.,Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.
Rhydon,Ground & Rock.,Protected by an armor-like hide. it is capable of living in molten lava of 3600 degrees.
Chansey,Normal.,A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get it.
Tangela,Grass.,Its whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. The vines sway as it walks.
Kangaskhan,Normal.,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
Horsea,Water.,Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water.
Seadra,Water.,Capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.
Goldeen,Water.,Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress. giving it the nickname of the Water Queen.
Seaking,Water.,In the autumn spawning season. they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks.
Staryu,Water.,When the stars twinkle at night. it floats up from the sea floor. and its body's center core flickers.
Starmie,Water & Psychic.,Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
Mr. Mime,Psychic & Fairy.,Always practices its pantomime act. It makes enemies believe something exists that really doesn't.
Scyther,Bug & Flying.,With ninja-like agility and speed. it can create the illusion that there is more than one.
Jynx,Ice & Psychic.,It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
Electabuzz,Electric.,Normally found near power plants. they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities.
Magmar,Fire.,Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly among flames.
Pinsir,Bug.,It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can't tear. it tosses far.
Tauros,Normal.,When it targets an enemy. it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails.
Magikarp,Water.,In the distant past. it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today.
Gyarados,Water & Flying.,Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious. it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage.
Lapras,Water & Ice.,A gentle soul that can read the minds of people. It can ferry people across the sea on its back.
Ditto,Normal.,Capable of copying an enemy's genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
Eevee,Normal.,Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONEs.
Vaporeon,Water.,It has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water.
Jolteon,Electric.,It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000-volt lightning bolts.
Flareon,Fire.,When storing thermal energy in its body. its temperature could soar to over 1600 degrees.
Porygon,Normal.,It is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace.
Omanyte,Rock & Water.,Despite having a heavy shell. it swims at a speed of 8 knots or more. It blow bubbles to protect itself.
Omastar,Rock & Water.,A prehistoric POKéMON that died out when its heavy shell made it impossible to catch prey.
Kabuto,Rock & Water.,A POKéMON that was resurrected from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor eons ago.
Kabutops,Rock & Water.,A slim and fast swimmer. It slices its prey with its sharp sickles and drinks the body fluids.
Aerodactyl,Rock & Flying.,A ferocious. prehistoric POKéMON that goes for the enemy's throat with its serrated saw-like fangs.
Snorlax,Normal.,Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds. it becomes steadily more slothful.
Articuno,Ice & Flying.,A legendary bird POKéMON. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
Zapdos,Electric & Flying.,A legendary bird POKéMON. It is said to appear only when a thundercloud parts into two halves.
Moltres,Fire & Flying.,A legendary bird POKéMON. It is said to have flown with the sun on its back.
Dratini,Dragon.,It grows by molting repeatedly. Boots made from the tanned cast-off skin are a super luxury item.
Dragonair,Dragon.,According to a witness. its body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave it a mystical look.
Dragonite,Dragon & Flying.,It is said that this POKéMON lives somewhere in the sea and flies over the sky at Mach speed.
Mewtwo,Psychic.,A POKéMON created by recombining Mew's genes. It's said to have the most savage heart among POKéMON.
Mew,Psychic.,A POKéMON of South America that was thought to have been extinct. It is very intelligent and learns any move.
